Update README.md and Scenarios page (#641)
liqotech/liqo: README.md

You can observe that:

* Your application is correctly working by exposing the application frontend port and later connecting with a browser to [localhost:8000](localhost:8000). To expose the pod port:

```bash
  kubectl port-forward -n liqo-demo service/frontend 8080:80
```

* Your application is transparently deployed across two different clusters:

```bash
  kubectl get pods -n liqo-demo -o wide  
```

### Going Further

If you want to understand and get more details, including how to inspect and interact with a service deployed with Liqo, you can explore the documentation website:

* Continue the Liqo journey by exploring the [Liqo playground](https://doc.liqo.io/user/gettingstarted/play/)
* Find out how to install Liqo on [your clusters](https://doc.liqo.io/user/install/)

> * Read more about the [Liqo architecture](https://doc.liqo.io/architecture/)

Reviewer: It seems to me the architecture section is mostly WIP. Is it worth adding the link here?

  kubectl get pods -n liqo-demo -o wide  
``` 

### Going Further

> If you want to understand and get more in details with Liqo, you can explore the documentation website:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to understand and get more in details with Liqo, including how to inspect and interact with a service deployed with Liqo, how to you can explore the documentation website:
```

> * Continue the Liqo journey by continuing to explore the [Liqo playground](https://doc.liqo.io/user/gettingstarted/play/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Continue the Liqo journey by exploring the [Liqo playground](https://doc.liqo.io/user/gettingstarted/play/)
```
